A case of let's have a look at the solutions to exercise free.
So the first question was from the customer table.
Select Distinct last names and order them alphabetically from A to Z.
So here we can select distinct
last name
from customers and then we need to order a set.
So we need to order by last name and then we need to run this statement and you can see it's only rich
and distinct last names and has ordered them from me to that.
So if you remember we had lots of bloops normally in our customer table but because we've only selected
distinct last names it's only returned one Bluth.
OK and then the second question is saying from the Orders table select the first three orders placed
by customer.
We've already won in February 2017.
So this is a little bit complicated actually.
So we need to select staw from orders and we need it only in February 2017 so we need to say where all
the time is between
2017 to 1
and
2017 to 28
and then we need to know the where clause saying and customer id equal to 1.
So we need to say Customer ID equal to 1.
Then we also need to order this by
order time so that we're getting the first order placed first and then second and so on and we need
to do that in ascending order.
And then finally we need to type limits 3 so we're only getting the first three orders or the first
free rows returned by this select statement.
Let's run now.
And you can see we have the customer ID won his order on the 1st of February the 7th of February is
his next order.
And then the 13th of February is his third order.
So if you got that first time well done because that was a little bit more complicated than the last
question.
So the final question is asking us to select the name price and coffee origin from the products table
but to rename the price column to retail price in the results.
So lets select name price and coffee origin for on products and then to rename the price column.
We just come in here and we say as the new name are as Rito price and then we just need to run up and
you can see here we now have to name the retail price and the coffee origin from the products table.
Okay so that's it for this video.
If you have any questions on any of these exercises please let me know in Q&A section but for now let's
move on to the next video.